## Closing the Doors
Why the business closed, how the decision was made, what happened with all the merchandise, profit of auction, etc. 
Ken's Farm and Home closed in ????. In November of 2008, Ken had open heart surgery to replace a leaking mitral valve that was causing a series of problems. Ken's cardiac surgeon, Dr. Vetsch from Freeman Hosptial in Joplin, Mo. said he almost lost Ken on the operating table while performing the leaking valve. After the surgery, it took Ken months to regain strength from the surgery. Despite Dr. Vetsch's best efforts, the leaking valve was only the beginning of Ken's heart journey. A year later, Ken was admitted into Barnes Jewish Hospital in Saint LouiS, Mo where Dr. Gregory Ewald placed a combination Pacemaker Difibulator. During the couple years battling Ken's cardiac problems, the family decided, despite best efforts, it was in the best interest to close the family business. This was a very hard decision for the family, for they hated to see such hard work come to a close. But they feared that something were to happen to Ken and they would not know all the ins and outs that Ken did and the business would be too much for the small family to take on. So, after 35 years of business, the doors of Ken's Farm and Home would be opening and closing one last time. The business ran sales to try and rid much of the inventory so the auction would be less chaotic. After running the sale for ???, the business had Clapp Auction auction off the remaining of the inventory. Boxes were packed and sold as units. The auction was devasting for the family to watch. Items in the auction were being sold for litte to nothing, and they watched all their hard work, time, effort, and business finance crumble to the ground. Though it was hard, it was great for the community to receive quality products at such great prices. 
After the auction, Ken put his building and land up for sale. He first listed the land and its building with Harrell Post at United Country Real Estate: Post Properties. 
Ken's health continued to improve gradually, but at the age of ??, his physical health was reaching a peak. Ken loved his business and wore his Ken's Farm and Home hat everywhere he went. Customers would stop by when they would see Ken and his family dining out and ask "so when are you opening the store back up? I really miss it" and comment things like "you never know what you have until its gone. We really need a store like yours around here. You just can't find those products you had close by. You always had everything!". Ken and his family would chuckle and reminsice on all the memories they had in the store. Ken and his family wished too that the store never had to close, but they knew it was in their best interest. Each time Ken and his wife Marilyn heard comments, they would merely nod their head and say "yeah I wish" and politely say "thank you". 
