## In the beginning
Ken and Marilyn Hunsperger closed their gas station, "Ken's MFA" in Mansfield, Missouri in the beginning of 1976 before moving to Miami, Oklahoma. Ken's tire supplier, Raye Moore, introduced Ken to Ray Swisher and Loui Feldman in 1976 who, after meeting, decided to open a farm store and began searching for locations. The men reviewed several locations including West Plains, Missouri and Paragould, Arkansas. Back in the 1970s, in order to build a new farm store, other farm stores that were in close proximity had to approve the new store. The men tried to build in Monett, Mo but Springfield, Mo said no. They tried to build in Neosho, Mo but Carthage, Mo said no. So they crossed state lines into Oklahoma. Miami was right on the border between Kansas and Missouri and the store in Stillwater, Oklahoma gave the go ahead. So after reviewing the demographics of several areas, the men decided Miami, Oklahoma. Ken closed his gas station in 1976 and stayed during the week in the "Thunderbird" motel leaving his wife, Marilyn, and two teenage daughters, Kathleen and Novaleen, in Mansfield. Ken travelled back to Mansfield every weekend to be with his family, while spending the week constructing the building for his future farm store. 
 
The men contracted with Collins Construction to build the 20,000 square feet metal building. The building was located on 2220 E Steve Owens Boulevard on a piece of 6.4 acre land right next to the Turnpike Gate. The land the store was built on was originally a wheat field outside of city limits. After 7 months of construction, the battle began. Ken and partners began the search of electricians to wire the store. After searching, every company the men asked to wire the building said no due to threats from the electric company in town. The company, Booth and Booth Electric, threatened other electricians by saying "they were going to take away their license" if they wired the building. The family of Ken and Marilyn believe this to be because Booth and Booth Electric did not want the farm and home store in town due to competetive fear. 
Ken filed a lawsuit against the city in 1976. After 3 battles in court, the city finally decided that if the business got an electrical engineeer they would inspect and approve the wiring. That is when the business hired electrical engineer Cooley from Stillwater, Oklahoma. After Cooley had began installing the wiring, the city refused to come inspect the wiring being done. Ken and his partners gave Cooley the go ahead to finish the job, and said they would fight in court later. 
Shortly after the business opened in November of 1977, the City of Miami came and removed the temporary construction pole the store had been generating electricity from because they did not do the inspection. Local farmers, Leo Glenn, Ray Schumake, and several others got together and brought Ken a generator to help provide electricity. The men said they would do whatever it took to help keep Ken's Farm and Home in business and to keep the business in town. When the city pulled the electric pole during business hours, customers were left stranded in the dark. Employees gathered flash lights to help guide customers throughout the store and to help cashiers see to write paper tickets. The business ran off a generator for 3 months. Every morning, Ken would go start up the old 1960 John Deere tractor and the generator to help keep his new business afloat. No matter what Ken, his business partners, or his family faced, they were going to fight. During this battle, REC (Rural Electric Company) offered to extend their power across the road from the Turnpike to give the store power if the city refused again to give them electricity. The City of Miami did not approve of this plan, and went forward in inspecting the wiring the men had Cooley do.  The city engineer came in and said "he had to find at least one thing wrong" with the wiring. After the city inspector was in the building for 6 hours, only with himself and Cooley, he talked to Cooley about any and everything he used. The one thing wrong was Cooley used 20 amp fuses in the breaker box and 15 amp fuses in the lights. There were 109 lights in the building. The city engineer, Anderson, spent the 6 hours searching the building top to bottom, while doing so, he revealed that he only had 2 more years left with the city before he could retire. He said if he did not find at least one thing wrong, the city would find an excuse to fire him, and he would lose his retirement.  After finding his one thing, he told Ken to fix the problem. So Ken did. After Ken fixed the problem, the city finally gave the business electricity. 


