## During operation
Once the business opened, sales soon began to pick up. The business soon started booming and ran out of room, so they added a 10,000 square feet to the back of the building for a storage room.

After 15 years of the business being open, the city limits stretched out just to the outskirts of the land behind Ken's Farm and HomeTherefore giving the city revenue due to city taxes forced upon the business. Before the city limits were stretched, customers only had to pay state tax.

Ken's Farm and Home averaged around 18 employees. Ken and Marilyn could not recall an approximate total number of employees in their 33 years, but they did say "too many". They did have a couple long-term employees: Barbara and Cloyce Newkirk, Leo Glenn, Patsy Gilmore, Eileen Brisbois, Mary Dady, Terry Schrader, Opal, and numerous others. 

Ken's Farm and Home held an annual 2 hour sale where everything in the store was a select percentage off. During those sales, employees worked tirelessly and the family was called in for all hands on deck. The store would quickly be filled with chaotic shoppers. 

The store featured a number of products and name brands. Mechanics were Stihl certified to sale Stihl chainsaws, blowers, and weedeaters. Mechanics also worked on a number of products, including lawn mowers. They also sold horsehoes, leather paddles, whips, show sticks, generators, various Ace brand hardware, DeWalt tools. Marilyn also had her "side" of the store where they sold Double H, Muck, Justin, Durango, Ariat, Georgia and Minnetonka Moccasins boots/shoes. They also had various clothing brands like Wrangler, George Strait, Karen Hart, Carhartt, and Key Overalls. Marilyn also loved her housewares that she filled with Lodge Iron Skillets, Willow Tree Angel figurines, an assortment of Kerr canning supplies. The kids favorite, the toy aisle, was also favored by collecting adults. Including Schleich horses, Lincoln Logs, Radio Flyer, Tinker Toys, and kids ride on push tractors. 

They also sold grass feed, railroad ties, fence post, cattle panels, feeders,vaccines, dog houses, water tanks, hot water heaters, mixed paint, made keys, and much much more. 

If you could not find what you were looking for, if you would mention it to Ken, he would take you upstairs and search catalogs for hours until you found just the right product at the right price. Then he would order it for you, at your convenience. Ken, having grown up on his dads farm himself and milking cows every morning, knew the struggle of farming and the necessity of certain products within time frames. He did his best to cater his farming community at their best convenience. 
Citizens of Miami always claimed "you have everything in here! Stuff we would never even imagine!". Ken's Farm and Home was a one stop shop. No longer did the community need to stop by various locations in order to get all the parts and pieces they needed, Ken's had it all (which was great for families and farmers with limited time).  
